.\"
.\" ./docs/madaf.man
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2022, Anokidev.
.\" Licensed in MIT License.
.\" 
.\" This file is part of MADAF documentation and UNIX manual page.
.\" This file is used as MADAF command line utility UNIX manual (man) page.
.\" 

.TH man 1 "18 June 2022" "0.0.0a1" "madaf man page"

.SH NAME
madaf - A command line utility (CLU) for MADAF.





.SH SYNOPSIS
madaf [commands] [subcommands] [app_name(For app and depen command)] [args]





.SH DESCRIPTION
madaf is a command line utility for MADAF, an open-source plugin framework that you can use to build apps. It is initially built as a web framework, however, it is quickly changed to be a plugin framework that uses plugins to develop apps. When launched without a command or a command without a subcommand, it will throw an error, then exits. If the command or the subcommand is invalid, it will throw an error too.





.SH OPTIONS
There are several commands that you can use for your own needs.





.\"
.\"
.\" APP COMMAND:
.\"
.\"

.SS madaf app | madaf -a
Manage your apps using this command.

- madaf new [app_name] --config=[config]
.br
This command will create a new app that is specified by the [app_name]. If [config] set to 'false', it will prevent the CLU from creating a configuration folder.
    
- madaf run [app_name] --debug=[debug]
.br
This command will run an app that is specified by the [app_name]. Any [debug] value will override the debug value in the apps configuration.
    
- madaf app remove [app_name]
.br
This command will remove an app that is specified by the [app_name]. Note that installed apps config is not updated.





.\"
.\"
.\" DEPEN COMMAND:
.\"
.\"
    
.SS madaf depen | madaf -d
Manage your dependencies using this command.

- madaf depen install [app_name] --global=[global]
.br
This command will install [app_name]'s dependency on a local directory called 'medaf_modules'.  That is located in './apps/[app_name]/medaf_modules'. However, you can use the --global argument to install the dependency globally. WARNING: It is recommended to use Python virtual-env if you want to use the --global argument.
   
- madaf depen remove [app_name] --global=[global]
.br
This command is the opposite of 'madaf depen install'.





.\"
.\"
.\" HELP COMMAND:
.\"
.\"
   
.SS madaf help | madaf -h | madaf --help
Shows the help message.





.\"
.\"
.\" VERSION COMMAND:
.\"
.\"

.SS madaf version | madaf -version | madaf--version
Shows the version of MADAF.

.SH SEE ALSO
Github Organization  : (https://github.com/project-madaf).
.br 
Github Repository    : (https://github.com/project-madaf/source).
.br 
Github Documentation : (https://madaf.readthedocs.io/).





.SH BUGS
None. If you found a bug, report it via a Github issue: (https://github.com/project-madaf/source/issues).





.SH AUTHOR
Anoki "Anokidev" Youssou. (anoki.youssou@gmail.com)
