.\"
.\" ./docs/medaf.man
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2022, Project MEDAF.
.\" Licensed in MIT License.
.\" 
.\" This file is part of MEDAF documentation and UNIX manual page.
.\" This file is used as MEDAF command line utility UNIX manual (man) page.
.\" 

.TH man 1 "18 June 2022" "0.0.0a1" "medaf man page"

.SH NAME
medaf - A command line utility (CLU) for medaf.





.SH SYNOPSIS
medaf [commands] [subcommands] [app_name(For app and depen command)] [args]





.SH DESCRIPTION
medaf is a command line utility for medaf, an open-source plugin framework that you can use to build apps. It is initially built as a web framework, however, it is quickly changed to be a plugin framework that uses plugins to develop apps. When launched without a command or a command without a subcommand, it will throw an error, then exits. If the command or the subcommand is invalid, it will throw an error too.





.SH OPTIONS
There are several commands that you can use for your own needs.





.\"
.\"
.\" APP COMMAND:
.\"
.\"

.SS medaf app | medaf -a
Manage your apps using this command.

- medaf app new [app_name]
.br
This command will create a new app that is specified by the [app_name].

- medaf app run [app_id] --debug_mode=[debug_mode]
.br
This command will run an app. --debug_mode will override the debug values.

- medaf app remove [app_name]
.br
This command will remove an app that is specified by the [app_name]. Note that installed apps config is not updated.





.\"
.\"
.\" DEPEN COMMAND:
.\"
.\"
    
.SS medaf depen | medaf -d
Manage your dependencies using this command.

- medaf depen install [app_name] --global=[global]
.br
This command will install [app_name]'s dependency on a local directory called 'medaf_modules'.  That is located in './apps/[app_name]/medaf_modules'. However, you can use the --global argument to install the dependency globally. WARNING: It is recommended to use Python virtual-env if you want to use the --global argument.
   
- medaf depen remove [app_name] --global=[global]
.br
This command is the opposite of 'medaf depen install'.





.\"
.\"
.\" HELP COMMAND:
.\"
.\"
   
.SS medaf help | medaf -h | medaf --help
Shows the help message.





.\"
.\"
.\" VERSION COMMAND:
.\"
.\"

.SS medaf version | medaf -version | medaf--version
Shows the version of medaf.

.SH SEE ALSO
Github Organization  : (https://github.com/project-medaf).
.br 
Github Repository    : (https://github.com/project-medaf/source).
.br 
Github Documentation : (https://medaf.readthedocs.io/).





.SH BUGS
None. If you found a bug, report it via a Github issue: (https://github.com/project-medaf/source/issues).





.SH AUTHOR
Anoki "Anokidev" Youssou. (anoki.youssou@gmail.com)
